hi everybody today i want to recap a
thriller movie called the room hope you
enjoy
matt and kate a young couple who moved
to upstate new york and purchased a home
in springwell
the house is messed up so they have to
renovate it
while renovating they discover a large
hidden room in that a murder occurred on
the property decades before
you know i was real surprised when they
told me someone had finally bought this
place and again it was a long time ago
what was a long time ago the previous
owners
they got killed in this house
that evening matt search in the internet
about his house and learns that the
killer is at john doe and that he is
still alive and in a psychiatric
hospital
he also inadvertently discovers that the
room can grant any wish
he tells kate in the morning but kate
doesn't believe it until she asks for
one thousand dollar in the room grant
her wish
why do you need most in the world
there's nothing i need uh
and bad a job no no no name a thing i
want a thousand dollars
this fake
does it look fake they both quit their
jobs and live depends with the room
providing everything they want
[Music]
kate falls into depression when she
realizes that nothing they wish for has
any real value
where's the necklace you asked for
i don't know
anyway it was just a figment
i can always get another
to cheer her up matt tells her he wants
to try for a child but she becomes angry
reminding him of two previous
miscarriages
she exclaims that she can't put herself
through that pain again in storms out of
the room
but ends up using the room to create a
baby named shane
matt wants her to use the room to
uncreate the baby but neither she nor
matt are actually able to bring
themselves to do so
say the words
[Music]
then matt takes a couple of dollar and
matt goes to visit john doe
uh john doe
you want to see john doe
the john doe
how many do you have
just the
one at the hospital matt speaks with
that john doe who warns that he and his
wife should leave the house and forget
the room
forget about the room
get out of the house and do that now
before it's too late
when matt wants to fill his car gas mat
finds out that room created items aged
to dust when crossing over the threshold
of the house because when he once pulled
the money out of his pocket the money
turned to dust
later at the house kate tells matt she
is taking the baby out for some fresh
air he tries to dissuade her but
ultimately does not stop her
once the baby is outdoors he ages to a
young child in seconds and kate screams
for matt who runs outside and brings
shane back inside the home
the couple's marriage deteriorates as
kate attempts to parent shane while matt
ignores him
shane grows impatient and bored since
kate will not allow him to leave the
house
telling him that he is sick and that
there are germs are outside
soon shane discovers the room and makes
an outside area inside it causing an
argument between the parents
when they having an argument john doe
calls the home and reveals to matt that
he was a child wish granted by the room
and he is alive because his parents died
which allowed him to become part of the
real world
he tells matt that if kate dies shane
will be able to live outside the house
kate overhears the conversation and
leaves the house immediately for days
and attempts to crash her car but cannot
bring herself to do so
when he returns the couple reunites and
have sex unknowingly watched by shane
the next morning they discover that
shane has gone outside and aged himself
into a man though he still has the mind
of a child and is angry with kate for
lying to him about the germs
look mommy
i'm big now you lied to me
to protect you
you said we'd be together
forever it's okay
[Music]
this causes an altercation and kate and
matt are knocked out
shane uses the room to enlarge the
outdoor area even further and duplicate
the house inside it
he shape-shifts into matt and kidnaps
kate to the cloned home matt awakens a
short time later and searches for kate
he discovers the cloned house and breaks
in as shane rapes kate
what are you doing
stop don't worry i saw you two do it
hey mom
[Music]
kate and matt knock out shane and try to
escape but they realize shane used the
room to make a labyrinth in the cloned
home
shane finds them in the house and stabs
and kills matt
but realizes that matt and kate have
used the room to replicate themselves
and that the real matt and kate have
escaped
ultimately they trick shane into going
outside
mommy where he rapidly ages into a
duplicate of john doe and dies
deteriorating into a pile of dust
a month later the couple has abandoned
the home and are living in a motel
kate stares in horror at a positive
pregnancy test unsure if the child
belongs to matt or shane and whether
they are in fact still in the room
thanks for watching consider to
subscribe and see you again in the next
video